Flags, flags, everywhere (#16)
PyconUK/2023.pyconuk.org: src/index.md

## PyCon UK will be returning to {{ site.con_location }} from {{ site.con_start }} to {{ site.con_finish }} {{ site.con_year }}.

> <p>{% if site.cfp_open %}<p>Do you have an idea for a talk, workshop, or similar? <a href="/call-for-proposals/">Tell us about it!</a>{% else %}CFP coming soon!{% endif %}</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>{% if site.cfp_open %}<p>Do you have an idea for something you'd like to share with our audience? <a href="/call-for-proposals/">Tell us about it!</a>{% else %}CFP coming soon!{% endif %}</p>
```
